Opens in a biker bar. Bikers partying. Rick is flirting with a Clair. The bikers a playing a raucus drinking game. The rules aren't clear, but it involves a bottle of Tequilla, a live chicken, and a bag of hand granades. Occasionall explosions off stage. Sometimes chcken feathers descend on the characters. Sometimes they dont.

The bartendner, Freda, exposes Rick for a non biker? How does she know? What is he really. I don't know. The bikers menace Rick a bit in prelude to beating him up.

Maybe there should be some action here? Maybe they chase him around the bar? Maybe the bikers start fighint each other. Horace enters, pushing his motorcycle. There's an exchange between he and Freda. Horace gets everyone's attention by honking his horn.'

Or maybe Freda decks Horace, and that's what gets everyone's attention.


Horace is recognized as a legendary biker. He has been pushing his bike for many years. He won't allow another man to work on his bike.

Or maybe Horace tries to get everyone's attention and can't. But then Biker Troll enters.

He explains that he comes from outer space. He gives them a speech that stirs up their feelings of patriotism, discontent, alienaion, disturst, racism.

He gets the bikers to help him take over the world.

How do I stage that? If an opera can do montoge. Maybe a map on the wall that starts out showing the county with pins and such indicating their holdings and crime activities. Maybe the map is replaced with a map of the state, the county, the world. A scene in the airport? Takes advantage of fear.

Maybe a plot to get interstellar law enforcement to come and arrest him? Do they find some sort of radio? A robot space cop? Two of the characters dressed as robot space cops?

They don't arrest him, though. Turns out he's not wanted for anthing.

Is that how they find out he's not an outlaw?

Maybe the robotr space cop runs his sheet. Somebody seesit and biker troll kills him. How do the others find out?

Maybe he is wanted, but it's a parking ticket or something?

Bunyan Lou Hallister

Why would bikers become disgruntled after taking over the world. Nothing to rebel against? Biker's sitting around trying to think of something to be alienated by?

"Hey, what about the deep state?"

There's nobody to intimidate anymore?




Maybe something funny happens everytime he tries to start his bike?


Maybe the bar gets progrssively nicer as they get more and more wealthy?

Rick and Clair oppose biker troll. They come up with a gambit. It fails. They get busted.
What's the gambit? Do they discover some weakness? How do they exploit it? Maybe something to do with the grenade? Freda will figure out his weakness.

Freda exposes biker troll as a poser. On his home planet, he's actually an accountant. 



4550-11-38-41