
A biker bar. Partying bikers. A dangerous drinking game involving a bottle of clear liqour, some live chickens and a bucket of hand grenades.
Rick looks like a bad ass, but he're really not. Probably an accountant or a dentist or something. He pisses off Freda the bartender.


There's a map on the wall. It shows the county. The parts they control in one shade, the parts they don't in another shade. Pins here and there. They discuss their criminal enterprises. Rick gets uncomfortable. He tries to skip out unnoncided. Freda stops him.She goads him into allowing her to read his fortune. She applies some carnie psychic skill and exposes Rick. He's not a biker at all. He's an accountant. The other bikers start to kick his ass.

Enter a grizzled old biker. He's pushing his bike. There's a moment of recognition between he and Freda. A brief one. He leans the bike to rest on its kick stand. He attempts to intervene on behalf of Rick.

"Say, does anyone have a points file?"

"For all we know, you're a poser. Maybe we should kick your ass, too."

"He's not a poser," says Freda. "He's the real deal." She pours herself a shot and drinks it. She looks the opposite direction of the grizzled biker.

One of the bikers regocnizes the grizzled biker. He's Bunion Lou. A legend. His bike broke down years ago. Bunion Lou declared he'd fix it himself or push it. So he pushes it.

"Heard you pushed that bike all the way up Berrymander pass."

"Pushed it up Berrymander pass, but not by myself. The whole town of Elk Bluff helped me. They loved me in Elk Bluff."

"There's some steep country between here and Oakmont. How you gonna get over that?"

"Figure I'll have have 'er running soon. And if I don't, maybe you boys'll lend a hand."

Laugher.

"Nobody here loves you. In fact, we're gonna kick your ass."

A biker attacks Bunion Lou. Bunion Lou drops him.

"Maybe Ill  grow on you."

"Oh, we doubt that."

The fight breaks out. The bikers turn on each other so it's a general mele with no discernable sides.

Freda does things to hinder Bunion Lou.


Enter Biker Troll from outer space. Jaws drop. Everythin stops.

"Thank you for agreeing to meet with me."

"We didn't agree to any meeting."

He explains that he comes from outer space. He gives them a speech that stirs up their feelings of patriotism, discontent, alienaion, disturst, racism.

He gets the bikers to help him take over the world. He says it'll be easy. The right combination of brutility and messaging. Government? Look for me at mount Rushmore. I'll be the one in the crown. Religeon? Witty reply to come.
Commerce. When I'm done, you won't be able to buy a bag of chips or a can of beer with my picture on it.

Somebody, a leader maybe, objects so biker troll kills him.

A montoge of three scenes with lighting. Time is marked by the delivery of kegs. During it we see Biker Troll dispatching bikers and gainin power.

Dispath the bikers to do something. They amble off.

Dispatch the bikers to do somethingb else. They salute, but not two of therm.

Disatch them to to somethigne else. They all salute but two are reluctant.






Not sure how to stage this. How do I stage that? If an opera can do montoge. Maybe a map on the wall that starts out showing the county with pins and such indicating their holdings and crime activities. Maybe the map is replaced with a map of the state, the county, the world. A scene in the airport? Takes advantage of fear. Passage of time is marked by Beer deliveries, maybe. Kegs of beer wheeled in on Dollies. The map changing. Biker troll dispatching people. The last delivery wheels in a dolly of beer with Biker Troll's face on it. So I guess at some point he declares, 'There won't even be a bottle of beer sold in this world that does't have my face on it!'




Rick keeps the books. He's been sucked in and can't extract himself. Love grows between he and Clair. Bunion Lou works on his bike. He Clair, Freda and Bunion Lou become discruntled. The other bikers, too. There's no on left to intimidate. They run everything now. What about the deep state? The kicked the ass of a * who complained last week. And thets it. What about the institutions of society? The deep state, you mean?

The beer man learns a secret about Biker Troll and Biker Troll kills him. This is the last straw for Freda. We learn that Freda and Bunion Lou had been lovers and still carry a torch for each other. They plot to signal interstellar law enforcemtn and have them come for Biker Troll.


They have an intersteller radio and have a conversation with law enforcement. They say they will send some Robots to investigate.

The robots teleport to the bar. They miss the bar and end up in the courtyard outside. Warbly lighty things off stage. The characters hail the robots.

Freda: Frank, Bill, did you collect that unexploded grenade."

Frank and Bill look at each other. An explosion offstage. Robot Parts rain down on the stage. 

Curtain.




Maybe a plot to get interstellar law enforcement to come and arrest him? Do they find some sort of radio? A robot space cop? Two of the characters dressed as robot space cops?




They don't arrest him, though. Turns out he's not wanted for anthing.

Is that how they find out he's not an outlaw?

Maybe the robotr space cop runs his sheet. Somebody seesit and biker troll kills him. How do the others find out?

Maybe he is wanted, but it's a parking ticket or something?

Bunyan Lou Hallister




Maybe something funny happens everytime he tries to start his bike?


Maybe the bar gets progrssively nicer as they get more and more wealthy?

Rick and Clair oppose biker troll. They come up with a gambit. It fails. They get busted.
What's the gambit? Do they discover some weakness? How do they exploit it? Maybe something to do with the grenade? Freda will figure out his weakness.

Freda exposes biker troll as a poser. On his home planet, he's actually a loan officer.




4550-11-38-41